Improve access graph documentation (#49314)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/admin-guides/teleport-policy/crown-jewels.mdx

## Prerequisites

<Notice type="tip">

For an improved experience, we recommend using Crown Jewels in conjunction with Teleport local users or integrating with
[Okta](../../enroll-resources/application-access/okta/okta.mdx) or [Microsoft Entra ID](./integrations/entra-id.mdx).

> This setup helps mitigate the spam generated by highly privileged ephemeral users created by Teleport Auth Connectors.

Author: Spam refers to an excessive number of entries. When a user with access to all resources logs in using a standard connector, it generates N access path changes, where N is the number of resources they have access to.

## Prerequisites

<Notice type="tip">

For an improved experience, we recommend using Crown Jewels in conjunction with Teleport local users or integrating with
[Okta](../../enroll-resources/application-access/okta/okta.mdx) or [Microsoft Entra ID](./integrations/entra-id.mdx).

> This setup helps minimize the number of access path change entries generated when highly privileged ephemeral users
> log in via Teleport Auth Connectors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setup helps minimize the number of access path change entries generated when ephemeral SSO users
marked as Crown Jewels log in via Teleport Auth Connectors.
```

Author: They don't need to be Crown Jewels. Actually the issue is much worse if the resources are Crown Jewels because it generates one event per resource they have access to

For an improved experience, we recommend using Crown Jewels in conjunction with Teleport local users or integrating with
[Okta](../../enroll-resources/application-access/okta/okta.mdx) or [Microsoft Entra ID](./integrations/entra-id.mdx).
This setup helps minimize the number of access path change entries generated when highly privileged ephemeral users

> log in via Teleport Auth Connectors..

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
log in via Teleport authentication connectors.
```
To use the convention we use elsewhere in the docs

Reviewer 3: Are we being overly pedantic here?

The product literally calls them Auth Connectors:

<img width="356" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9ed53028-fb0f-4c4d-a176-fd0df81e878c">
